Add FROM_DB table transformer (#1951)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-db.adoc

|The maximum time to wait for DB query completion

|===

== Table Transformers

=== FROM_DB

`FROM_DB` transformer generates table from DB via SQL queries.

[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter
|Description

|[subs=+quotes]`*dbKey*`
|Database key

|`*sqlQuery*`
|SQL select query to get data

> |===

Reviewer: please, update docs: add `nullReplacement`

|The maximum time to wait for DB query completion

|===

== Table Transformers

NOTE: The table transformers properties marked with *bold* are mandatory.

=== FROM_DB

> `FROM_DB` transformer generates table from DB via SQL queries.
> 
> [cols="1,3", options="header"]
> |===
> |Parameter
> |Description
> 
> |[subs=+quotes]`*dbKey*`
> |Database key
> 
> |`*sqlQuery*`
> |SQL select query to get data
> 
> |`nullReplacement`
> |Value to replace NULLs in result data set
> |===
> 
> .The transformer based on the default configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FROM_DB` transformer generates table based on the data retirved from the
specified database using SQL query.

[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter
|Description

|`*dbKey*`
|Database key

|`*sqlQuery*`
|SQL `SELECT` query to retrieve the data from DB

|`nullReplacement`
|The value to put in the generating table instead of `NULL`-s contained in the DB data set
|===

.Generate ExampleTable using data from H2 database
```

|The maximum time to wait for DB query completion

|===

== Table Transformers

NOTE: The table transformers properties marked with *bold* are mandatory.

=== FROM_DB

`FROM_DB` transformer generates table based on the data retirved from the
specified database using SQL query.

[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter
|Description

|`*dbKey*`
|Database key

|`*sqlQuery*`
|SQL `SELECT` query to retrieve the data from DB

|`nullReplacement`
|The value to put in the generating table instead of `NULL`-s contained in the DB data set
|===

.Generate ExampleTable using data from H2 database
[source,gherkin]
----

> {transformer=FROM_DB, dbKey=testh2db, sqlQuery=SELECT * FROM students, nullReplacement=""}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{transformer=FROM_DB, dbKey=testh2db, sqlQuery=SELECT * FROM students, nullReplacement= }
```
